DOC-327 | [APM-592] Add `allowRetry` option to retrieve last batch of cursor (#1234)
arangodb/docs: 3.11/release-notes-api-changes311.md

  In a cluster, the intermediate commits are tracked per DB server that participates in the query
  and are summed up in the end.

> The cursor API can now receive a retry request to retrieve the response for the latest batch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cursor API can handle retry requests to retrieve the response for the latest batch again in case of connection issues. 
```

> The response object for `_api/_cursor/<cursorId>` now contains a sub-attribute `nextBatchId` which is 
> the id of the next batch that will be fetched when the cursor advances, after executing the current 
> request. Then, on the next run of `_api/_cursor/<cursorId>`, which should output the response object 
> of the batch with `nextBatchId`, if it's unsuccessful because of some connection issue, the user can 
> retry to get the response object for that batch with a POST request to `_api/<cursorId>/<nextBatchId>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response object for `/_api/_cursor/<cursorId>` now contains a sub-attribute `nextBatchId` which is 
the id of the next batch that will be fetched when the cursor advances, after executing the current 
request. Then, on the next run of `/_api/_cursor/<cursorId>`, which should output the response object 
of the batch with `nextBatchId`, if it's unsuccessful because of some connection issue, the user can 
retry to get the response object for that batch with a POST request to `/_api/<cursorId>/<nextBatchId>`.
```
